docs: Document the additional parameters in JWT (#1550)
nextauthjs/next-auth: www/docs/configuration/options.md

jwt: {
  // A secret to use for key generation - you should set this explicitly
  // Defaults to NextAuth.js secret if not explicitly specified.

>   // This is used to generate the actual signingKey and produces a warning
>   // message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // This is used to generate the actual signingKey and produces a warning
  // message if not defined explicitly.
```

  // secret: 'INp8IvdIyeMcoGAgFGoA61DdBglwwSqnXJZkgz8PSnw',
  

>   // You can specific a signing key generated using jose newkey -s 512 -t oct -a HS512
>   // This gives you direct knowledge of the key used to sign the token so you can use it
>   // to authenticate indirectly (eg to a database driver)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // You can generate a signing key using `jose newkey -s 512 -t oct -a HS512`
  // This gives you direct knowledge of the key used to sign the token so you can use it
  // to authenticate indirectly (eg. to a database driver)
```
